Create ui-c8y-1023-14-59-enhanced-translation-options-for-widget-and-dashboard-titles-with-help-popover.md (#4195)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-14-59-enhanced-translation-options-for-widget-and-dashboard-titles-with-help-popover.md

---
date: ""

> title: Enhanced translation options for widget and dashboard titles with help popover (#10872) [GRAFT][release/y2026] (#11052)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Clearer translation options for dashboard and widget titles
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64618
version: 1023.14.59
---

> Improved clarity of translation options for dashboard and widget titles, added popover with additional info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring dashboards and widgets, you can choose to translate their titles if possible. Previously, the translation options were not explained clearly enough. Now, they have been placed under a common label, and a help popover has been added that provides additional information and guidance on how to use these translation options.
```
